this is one of the projects All American
window tinting is in the process of
completing
these windows are not done here
these ones are done with the night
vision 35
this way room has been done
this room has been done bathroom has
been done as well go ahead and open up
one see it's not so bright
this room has not been done yet we're in
the process of getting this done that's
why you see the tarps this room has been
completed this bathroom has been
completed as well see how comfortable
the appearance is these shutters are all
closed but and it's still comfortable in
here it's not so bright those are all
opening which are complete gives you a
clear view of the beautiful mountain
scenery yeah
bright glare cuz he's not in complete
yeah we actually have to keep the blinds
down in order to keep it comfortable
with him as well look how bright and
intense that is with the V like that who
would want to block the view
this is before I'm gonna show you the
after as well again this is the before
you can't even really see anything with
that bright glare and again what if you
like this
good one block
you